hi everyone so I'm about
a bath for Joel so we're gonna put him
in a nice warm bath
you don't put it on there
I'm just kind of Dewey's head first and
I don't wash the hair really on the
silicon's because we don't want that to
come out so I usually just wet it and
then I usually just put a little bit of
then my eye condition on there a little
bit of wash on now washcloths sometimes
get some powders in the creases now
these Lakes I will just do that first
turning so you can see him hurt these
angles a little bit better let me know
what you think there is a slight risk
that the camera might fall in the bath
but let's just hope that doesn't happen
that little boy ba ba yeah so we'll do
his hands
and fingers little tummy
turning very much
and I'll just get a little cotton tip
and just do easy
mouth
I really know he needs eyes I don't want
to get any water behind the eyes though
this is generally a better way to do it
very much it doesn't get cold so his
hairs probably just about done now I'd
say I'm just gonna wash his feet and
they're already there
so good if you've asked mr. yeah
I think he's all done now you call them
pop him out before it gets cold cuz it's
a bit cool today
Larry's on his tail
I'm up
more calmly and we'll take him in to get
changed okay so he's all dried off and
I'm gonna get him dressed but he's gonna
pee on
to say thank you to auntie Melissa for
his new diamond gonna put his singlet on
when um
the other one
okay
he hasn't won this thing before I just
bought it the other day so cute though
it's got a little embroidered train and
carriages it is winter here so I won't
leave him just wearing that I'm gonna
put his little Peter Rabbit suit on
my job a little snaps
and zip him up
and last but not least little hood up
little bunny rabbit area is all cozy
these little soot need to probably put
some socks on him
with a little rabbit embroidered there
okay I hope you enjoy Joel's bath video
and we will talk to you soon bye